(poppy music)
- Welcome back.
I hope you were able to solve it.
Solving challenges around promotions is a common use case.
And this is a perfect example of how such a business case
can be separated as an escalated function.
Maintained and updated without necessarily touching
other functionalities of the client application.
If we review our task,
we have two objects we need to deal with.
First is CarData.
And the second one is PromotionData.
Let's go ahead and create those two Bojo classes.
First create a new class CarData.
We need to add fields sum and couponCode.
We shouldn't forget to add getters and setters.
Otherwise CarData wont get populated
and let's create another entity
called promotion data.
A promotion should contain reduced price,
a free shipping flag,
and the promo message.
I will now create a new clause
that will hold our handler function.
We can use both of these bojo's
as part of handler signature.
As an input we expect CarData.
While as a response, we expect PromotionData.
Before we start writing our business logic,
I will create promotion data object,
and a promo message that we will use in our business logic.
As a first use case, if the sum is higher than 1000,
we need to apply a 10% discount
and also apply promo message.
Second, we need to check
if there is a free shipping promotion applied in the cart.
If that is true,
we need to set free shipping to true
and also append promo message to exist in promoMessages.
And finally, we need to set
promotion message and return PromotionData object.
Let's now publish our function.
Go to AWS Explorer,
click on Create new AWS Lambda.
Set all properties and reference to new handler methods
and click on Create Function.
Now that the deployment has finished
right-click on lambda function, run.
You can use the request from exercise files
to test our method,
and we should get discounted price
and free shipping together with a promotion message.
And there you have it.
We have successfully created the Lambda function with
customer inputs and outputs.